Initial release notes upload (#86)
aspose-pdf/Aspose.PDF-Documentation: net/release-notes/release-notes-2021/aspose-pdf-for-net-21-7-release-notes/_index.md

---
title: Aspose.PDF for .NET 21.7 Release Notes
linktitle: Aspose.PDF for .NET 21.7 
type: docs
weight: 70
url: /net/aspose-pdf-for-net-21-7-release-notes/
lastmod: "2021-07-13"
description: This page contains new Aspose.PDF for .NET features, enhancement, and bug fixes in 2021, version 21.7. 
sitemap:
    changefreq: "weekly"
    priority: 0.7
---

{{% alert color="primary" %}}

This page contains release notes information for Aspose.PDF for .NET 21.7.

{{% /alert %}} 

## Improvements and Changes

|**Key**|**Summary**|**Category**|
| :- | :- | :- |

> |PDFNET-49595 Add memory optimized stream to load huge files using Stream based constructor|Feature|

Reviewer: Advanced support of Streams / Advanced handling huge documents

Author: Advanced streams support to handle huge documents?

> |PDFNET-50068 PDF creation with XML and XLS with parameters|Feature|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|PDFNET-50068 PDF creation based on XML and XSL with parameters|Feature|
```

Author: Fixed
